The President:
Hi, everybody.
I'm here in Colorado Springs,
visiting some of the devastating
fires that have been
taking place over the last
several days.
As many of you have been
watching on television,
entire communities
are under threat.
And we had a chance to tour some
of the devastation that has been
taking place in some of
the subdivisions here.
Firefighters are working 18
hours a day, around the clock,
trying to make sure that they
get this blaze under control.
We've got volunteers who are out
here who are making sure that
these firefighters have the
food and the water and all the
resources that they need.
And we've been engaging in
some unprecedented coordination
between federal, state, and
local communities to try to
bring this fire under control.
And one of the things
I've done here,
in addition to saying thank
you to these firefighters,
is to let them know that all
of America has their back.
One of the things that happens,
whether it's a fire here in
Colorado, or a tornado
in Alabama or Missouri,
or a flood or a
hurricane in Florida,
one of the things that happens
here in America is when we see
our fellow citizens in
trouble and having difficulty,
we come together as one American
family, as one community.
And you see that spirit and
you see that strength here in
Colorado Springs, where
people are working together,
promising each other to rebuild.
We've got to make sure that we
are there with them every step
of the way, even after
this fire is put out.
So for those of you who
can provide some help,
you should get on the online
site of the American Red Cross.
They're very active in this
community and you can make your
contributions there.
We're going to continue to make
sure that the Federal Emergency
Management Agency,
the Forest Service,
our military and National Guard
and all the resources that we
have available at the federal
level are brought to bear in
fighting this fire.
This is a good reminder of
what makes us Americans.
We don't just look
out for ourselves;
we look out for each other.
And one of the things that I
told these firefighters is that
we can provide them all
the resources they need,
but only they provide the
courage and the discipline to be
able to actually
fight these fires.
And it's important that we
appreciate what they do not just
when our own communities
are struck by disaster.
It's important that we remember
what they do each and every
single day, and that we continue
to provide support to our first
responders, our emergency
management folks,
our firefighters,
our military --
everybody who helps secure our
liberty and our security each
and every day.
So, America, I hope you guys
remember the folks during these
times of need.
I know this is a
little bit unusual --
we don't usually do weekly
addresses like this,
but I thought it was a good
opportunity for us to actually
focus attention on a problem
that's going on here in
Colorado Springs.
We never know when it might be
our community that's threatened,
and it's important that
we're there for them.
All right?
Thank you very much.